README.md, before:

# Create and Manage

Create and Manage is a Movable Type plugin that adds a 'Create' and 'Manage' menu to Movable Type 5, so that some plugins written for Movable Type 4 that add submenu-items there will work again.

# Additional Perl Module Requirements

No additional Perl modules are required for Create and Manage, beyond the [System Requirements](http://www.movabletype.org/documentation/system-requirements.html) of Movable Type.

# Installation

After downloading and uncompressing this package:

1. Upload the entire CreateAndManage directory within the plugins directory of this distribution to the corresponding plugins directory within the Movable Type installation directory.
    * UNIX example:
        * Copy mt-plugin-create-and-manage/plugins/CreateAndManage/ into /var/wwww/cgi-bin/mt/plugins/.
    * Windows example:
        * Copy mt-plugin-create-and-manage/plugins/CreateAndManage/ into C:\webroot\mt-cgi\plugins\.

# Configuration

No configuration is required.

# Operational Details

Note that the "Create" and "Manage" menus will only appear if other plugins are installed that actually add submenus to them.

# Support

This plugin has not been tested with any version of Movable Type prior to Movable Type 5.14.  It is intended for use with any version of Movable Type 5.

Although After6 Services LLC has contributed to this plugin, After6 only provides support for this plugin as part of a Movable Type support agreement that references this plugin by name.

# License

This plugin is licensed under The MIT License, http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php.  See LICENSE.md for the exact license.

# Authorship

Create and Manage was originally written by Maarten Schenk from YesItCan.Be BVBA.  Documentation created by After6 Services LLC.  Plugin published by After6 Services LLC.

# Copyright

Copyright &copy; 2012, After6 Services LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Trademarks, product names, company names, or logos used in connection with this repository are the property of their respective owners and references do not imply any endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with After6 Services LLC or YesItCan.Be BVBA unless otherwise specified.

Commit message:

Attribution Added
We further attribute the original implementation of this plugin to
Maarten Schenk by linking in this repository to his article discussing
the plugin.

README.md, after:

# Create and Manage

Create and Manage is a Movable Type plugin that adds a 'Create' and 'Manage' menu to Movable Type 5, so that some plugins written for Movable Type 4 that add submenu-items there will work again.

# Additional Perl Module Requirements

No additional Perl modules are required for Create and Manage, beyond the [System Requirements](http://www.movabletype.org/documentation/system-requirements.html) of Movable Type.

# Installation

After downloading and uncompressing this package:

1. Upload the entire CreateAndManage directory within the plugins directory of this distribution to the corresponding plugins directory within the Movable Type installation directory.
    * UNIX example:
        * Copy mt-plugin-create-and-manage/plugins/CreateAndManage/ into /var/wwww/cgi-bin/mt/plugins/.
    * Windows example:
        * Copy mt-plugin-create-and-manage/plugins/CreateAndManage/ into C:\webroot\mt-cgi\plugins\.

# Configuration

No configuration is required.

# Operational Details

Note that the "Create" and "Manage" menus will only appear if other plugins are installed that actually add submenus to them.

# Discussion

After6 Services has found this plugin useful, but it is not published on Github which is the most common method of publishing and discovering free plugins for Movable Type.

We were frustrated by not being able to find it when we need to install it.  So, we published it with full documentation and applied a non-copyleft open source license to it.

Full credit for this idea and its initial implementation goes to Maarten Schenk of YesItCanBe.

# Support

This plugin has not been tested with any version of Movable Type prior to Movable Type 5.14.  It is intended for use with any version of Movable Type 5.

Although After6 Services LLC has contributed to this plugin, After6 only provides support for this plugin as part of a Movable Type support agreement that references this plugin by name.

# License

This plugin is licensed under The MIT License, http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php.  See LICENSE.md for the exact license.

# Authorship

Create and Manage was originally [written by Maarten Schenk](http://www.movabletips.com/2010/02/making-some-movable-type-4-plugins-work-on-movable-type-5.html) from [YesItCan.Be BVBA](http://yesitcan.be).  Documentation created by After6 Services LLC.  Plugin published by After6 Services LLC.

# Copyright

Copyright &copy; 2012, After6 Services LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Trademarks, product names, company names, or logos used in connection with this repository are the property of their respective owners and references do not imply any endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with After6 Services LLC or YesItCan.Be BVBA unless otherwise specified.
